so welcome to the issue of
let's play dhabi by tk for the jazz
You can give me a seat for the game
It's quiet again
may play on the playstation
the playstation 3 but preferably
playstation 4 currently it is 1 1 in
season three challenges with more thumbs up
high in the comments are preferred
and the best changes just me on
best to say if you vote
handy in the live streams though
to record these consequences and offer people
a live which challenge taken
today you never give the leaf
challenge of seed gel or same
won and he says the never give
Lahcen pushes Antino opponent John Cena
match at one on one challenge you need
already bring her the whole face
to bleed
the match has to be like assad humans
win that no environment and make
only five times pie arena no matter swing
normal difficulty laying career
the first rate normally a lot of fun then go
oh, well, in november arena
that fits a bit hard
cinema is pretty underpinned or he
has no good poverty china around
stronger ears must not james
and I basically have to do the whole thing
build up time on the fish and hope
that eric like someday about that
face is bleeding to luck go copa
and standard both on the head and
That's why I would just mine
Let's go try it
any beats as well as alliances
officiating with punches here
while we first with chaman
I have to get it right
that will not work out so well
but look so normal I may
no objects may not use omg
moments make something for that at all
I'm not sure if
that works
You know that some are sometimes
meaningfully doused red or without blood
This crimson is fair
when the cost has the face or what
always
and yes I do not know from which point
this is achieved just look was all the
time on my head and more, too
not so legendary I play yes
well and we'll do some nice
action on the head what else would like
I do not come but maier but that
feeling of the team directly becomes ferdinand
look at you first because of the
moment in the show already here so
punches blows always go
next to it, that meant by lionel messi
damn the jack johnson it fits
just just someone overtime face
hat and that has the czech as the title for
his two documents taken
Great tip from me a big one
recommendation from me so great and you
The action here is my son
it hard enough and then
such first should only on the head of a
class time and then afterwards
should I still make sure that he
bleeds and how it mixes I know
not who should do it
unfortunately I have to pay attention to the stamina
says job that was probably even at all
Nothing
I'm doing that, though
tax help for sheikh after created
because he told me so when you have something on
The goal is to stay as we must
to come naturally
first at a high level must be up to
I have been helping for so long
played there I'm just panic
looks like I might have it now
I would like to get lost out of that
move ring would be possible now talk
me na.de company so in the month of the
bring us all more stop with the
do not want to create shit devotion
I'm only allowed to harvest five times, okay
would be cool but I have a lot
caught much earlier is simply great
i already know a lot on the
Challenge comes like summer
created
I am happy to answer for you again
no one has dared to date
to make any video answers
if here and even to taste the
I did not manage it now
Was says China is stronger outside
that's impossible
thus underpin the cowardly tactics of
ringer david but they were banned
so i have to go inside the ring
But I do not want to do it because he has to
I do not have any problem with us
is something goes wrong course
must of course have to be so comes as
draw from now with doubt I start
I come out of my body out yet
become brings to lob
cool you leave me alone I have me
Sorry 'pressed aha such a shit but
21, that 's how it fucked you guys
no more desire
2 1 for you would not be enough
get away with shit china 23 for
animal
See you again on saturday
another challenge x 10.4 most red cabbage
network foreign orders does not care
lust more